Rockwell Automation Inc.


Q1.#Problem Definations::

1.Company was lagging behind to provide enough services to employees.
Because of private cloud as comapny had that was insufficent to serve those 35000 employees at same time. 

2.Company has to grow for more profits thats why it is trying to be spread all over the world.

3.company want to,All the nations should know about the company.

4.company does not say "No" to any customer or employee to work with organization.

5.Relations with other nations and other nations people should be maintained.

6.Rockwell wants to grow with all the products and services.

7.With increase the genertion and will power of employee company has to move with new facilities thats helps employee in all manner.

8.A private cloud will not able to serve all the nations and all the sectors.

9.Private clould may be or may not be capable and robust than the google cloud or AWS.

10.Private cloud has limited access and somtimes it will not able to provide all functionalities 
that Amazon web server has or public google cloud has.



Q2.#

a.Functional Requirements:
 	Functional requirements of the Rockwell Automations are all employee needs to access their Human Resource solutions
portal.Company is spreading in all over the world and growing in all sectors.Many nations can not allow the London based 
private cloud for IT solutions.The main requirement is an cloud that is powerfull enough that can serve the all 35000 employee and 
accordingly all the customers.Another one is that the new cloud platform does serve the Human resource and and all about the 
benefits with thm.


b.Non-functional requirements:
	Non-Functional requirements includes security about that cloud platform,which serves more employees but is it secure enough and all
scalability, The product or that cloud should be scalable. Avaliability of that cloud platform, it should be easily avaliable any time and any cost.
funationalibility, does great role in non functional requirements that it shold function well with incrased employee strength.
Robustness of same cloud platform is to be great that it will not hang or suspend at any situation.



Q3.# Problem Statement::
	As Rockwell Inc is using their private cloud for serving their employees and customers that is now a days not getting enough for growing number of
employees in the Rockwell, thats why Rockwell decided to have the great application cloud that can serve those increased 35000 employees.and All the employees able to access their
Human Resourse solutions portable and work efficiently.   
 
